sources/index.md, before:

title: Homepage

# Biography

<img style="float: right; max-width: 200px; margin-left: 50px; margin-bottom: 20px;" src="portrait.png"/>
{: style="margin: 0px;" }

I am a PhD student in Computer Science at the University of Mons and University of Antwerp, in Belgium.
While I highlight here some facts, I kindly refer you to my [academic curriculum vitae](academic/index.md) for all details.

## Research Interests

  * Automata theory.
  * Active and passive automata learning.
  * Timed automata.
  * Formal verification.
  * Game theory.

## Miscellaneous

  * My PhD contract will end on the 30th September 2024.
    This means that I am searching postdoc position(s).
    If you wish to collaborate, feel free to [contact me](email:gaetan.staquet@gmail.com).
  * With my two PhD advisors Véronique Bruyère (UMONS) and Guillermo A. Pérez (UAntwerpen), and Frits W. Vaandrager, we won a best paper award at FORMATS 2023 for *Automata with Timers*.
  * I enjoy programming.
    For instance, this website is automatically generated from Markdown files.
    You can find all my open-source projects on my [GitHub page](https://github.com/DocSkellington).
  * My ORCID number is [0000-0001-5795-3265](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-5795-3265).

# This website

Apart from the [academic CV](academic/index.md), I also use this website to discuss various things, in [English](nonacademic/en/index.md) or in [French](nonacademic/fr/index.md), depending on the subject.
Typically, the English part contains programming-related pages, while the French one focuses more on some of my hobbies.

Commit message:

Made website structure more clear

sources/index.md, after:

title: Homepage

# Biography

<img style="float: right; max-width: 200px; margin-left: 50px; margin-bottom: 20px;" src="portrait.png"/>
{: style="margin: 0px;" }

I am a PhD student in Computer Science at the University of Mons and University of Antwerp, in Belgium.
While I highlight here some facts, I kindly refer you to my [academic curriculum vitae](academic/index.md) for all details.

## Research Interests

  * Automata theory.
  * Active and passive automata learning.
  * Timed automata.
  * Formal verification.
  * Game theory.

## Miscellaneous

  * My PhD contract will end on the 30th September 2024.
    This means that I am searching postdoc position(s).
    If you wish to collaborate, feel free to [contact me](email:gaetan.staquet@gmail.com).
  * With my two PhD advisors Véronique Bruyère (UMONS) and Guillermo A. Pérez (UAntwerpen), and Frits W. Vaandrager, we won a best paper award at FORMATS 2023 for *Automata with Timers*.
  * I enjoy programming.
    For instance, this website is automatically generated from Markdown files.
    You can find all my open-source projects on my [GitHub page](https://github.com/DocSkellington).
  * My ORCID number is [0000-0001-5795-3265](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-5795-3265).

# This website

Apart from the [academic CV](academic/index.md), I also use this website to discuss various things:

  - An [English part](nonacademic/en/index.md) that typically contains programming-related pages (or, rather, will when I will take the time),
  - A [French part](nonacademic/fr/index.md) that focuses on some of my hobbies.
